---
layout: single
title:  "Cowley Road cafe Za'atar Bake owner celebrates Oxford Hub's Oxford-Together-programme volunteers"
date:   2020-07-22 08:40:00 +0100
author: Kate Pounds
categories: restaurant coronavirus cowley

gallery:
  - url: /assets/posts/2020-07/zaatar/03.jpg
    image_path: /assets/posts/2020-07/zaatar/03.jpg
    alt: "Mahmoud Al-Hadad at the counter of Za'atar bake"
    title: "Mahmoud Al-Hadad at Za'atar Bake shortly after it opened, summer 2019. Photo Credit Cait Sweeney"
  - url: /assets/posts/2020-07/zaatar/04.jpg
    image_path: /assets/posts/2020-07/zaatar/04.jpg
    alt: "Oxford Together project volunteers"
    title: "Celebrating volunteers from the Oxford Hub's 'Oxford Together' project. Photo Credit Cait Sweeney"

---
The owner of [Za'tar Bake][zaatarbake] invited 60 people involved in the Oxford Hub's
Oxford Together programme to a party yesterday evening.

Mahmoud Al-Hadad wanted to celebrate the work of the hub by feeding the
volunteer workforce, which has been supporting people in the community
during the Covid-19 pandemic, and continues to do so.

This comes as Mahmoud offers free food from Za'atar Bake to hungry
people who can't afford to pay.

{% include gallery caption="Za'atar Bake gallery" %}

Addressing the party Mahmoud said: "We wanted to do something for all
you volunteers to say thank you for all that you have done for others.

"If you're extra hungry don't worry, there's lots of delicious food."

He introduced his business partner and chef Ahmed Mohamed who received a
big round of applause.

Mahmud and his team provided free food, drinks and music in a
Bedouin-style tent behind the cafe.

"It feels lovely to be here," said Heather McGill, "it's a delight that
they've put this on for us."

Heather, who works for Amnesty International, signed up with Oxford
Together to deliver food to people in need during lockdown.

She explained it helped others, and was an opportunity for her to get
out of the house and see people when she was feeling isolated herself.

"It was fun" she said, "I had to learn how to carry large amounts of
lentil curry on my bicycle.

"First I tried carrying it in the box on the front, and had to give my
bike a very good wash afterwards."

Oxford Together is a volunteer programme run by the Oxford Hub providing
help with shopping, collecting prescriptions, free food parcels, and
social phone calls to isolated individuals.

Anna Thorne worked as a phone Links Pod Leader for the programme,
supporting volunteers to make phone calls to people who needed contact.

She said: "I felt the work we did made a huge difference.

"The programme brought together a real range of people who otherwise
might not have made contact, they gained a real window into each other's
lives.

"I feel really lucky to have been part of it.

It's wonderful to be here, and for it all to be acknowledged."

The Oxford Hub's programmes are still supporting people and recruiting
volunteers.

Cognitive Behavioural Therapist and Holywell Ward Oxford City Councillor
Nadine Bely-Summers said: I'm very impressed
with how people have looked after each other, and that people who still
need help are still getting it."

She collected shopping for and chatted with a shielding person with
Parkinson's disease who was feeling isolated and anxious.

"I really wanted to be part of the programme," she said, "all the
councillors were involved."

Za'atar Bake have been offering free food to hungry people who can't
afford to pay since May 15.

"A lot of people have suffered in the pandemic, my business partner
Ahmed and I wanted to give to the community, to help them and us feel
good." Said Mahmoud.

"When Covid-19 hit us people had time to think about life, about people
who suffer, and to realise we are all vulnerable."

[zaatarbake]: https://www.facebook.com/zaatarbake/
